	At this point I’ve probably spent too much time researching HTML, CSS, and JavaScript for the purposes of this assignment, but not nearly enough to have a properly thorough understanding of them. I find analogies useful to understanding concepts that are new to me so throughout the following summary of what I’ve learned, I’ll refer to a “house” analogy in order to illustrate my understanding of these three languages and how they work together to make web sites. I hope the reader of this assignment will feel free to reach out to me if they feel this analogy illustrates a lack of understanding or misconceptions on my part.
	The ways in which HTML, CSS, and JavaScript are often used together to make unique websites or online projects strikes me as similar to the way framing, masonry, finish carpentry, interior decorating, appliances, furniture, lighting and other various elements are employed to create a unique house. 
	HTML stands for HyperText Markup Language and it forms the basic structure of a website like the framing, foundation, masonry and other various elements really form the core structure of a house. This fundamental structure can be designed in various ways and even using different materials but it is the rudimentary structure to which everything else is added. 
CSS stands for Cascading Style Sheets. It is a “sheet language” or “style language” which is used to develop the style and format elements of your project. In a house, color, carved wood, wall art and wall paneling, texture, house plants, tiling, and the way we use space and negative space are just some of the many elements with which an aesthetic or style is formed. CSS enables us to control the color, typography, space, borders, and other elements to form the layout and overall aesthetic of a website.
	JavaScript is a high-level scripting language which helps us to build various functions into websites. If you want to add pop ups, animated graphics, autocomplete or spelling suggestions to text that is input, this can be accomplished with JavaScript. If I start a search by typing “the seventh,” google will automatically provide a clickable list with several suggestions underneath, starting with “The Seventh Seal,” the classic Ingmar Bergman film I’ve never gotten around to watching and ending with “The Seventh House,” some restaurant in San Diego that I’ve never heard of. Sometimes on holidays or the death anniversaries of various historic figures, the google logo will feature animated and interactive features, or even links to thematic mini games. I’m not certain but from what I understand, I think these kinds of dynamic features could all potentially be created with JavaScript, at least in part with JavaScript. Some analogous features of a house would be CCTV security cameras, a doorbell, a smart fridge, a dumb fridge, and a dumbwaiter for that matter. All of these features add functionality to a house. 
	The timber framing, wattle and daub, and masonry provide the structure of a house. These are the HTML elements. You knock on the door with an old brass door knocker shaped like an old family crest. The function of having a door knocker to signal there’s a guest to the homeowner itself, that’s JavaScript. The color, family crest and overall aesthetic of the knocker is CSS. When you are invited into the house and see a long hallway on the left, a parlor on the right, and a staircase leading up to the next level in front of you, this was all part of the structure and shape of the house so it was created with HTML. But the English oak wainscoting and textured red Victorian wallpaper, the portraits that hang on the walls, and the carved frames they sit in, these are all CSS. When you are led into a parlor of the house you see a bookcase, a stained glass window, and a leather Chesterfield chair across from the window. HTML provides the shape and size of the room and even the alcove in which the chair sits. Having a bookshelf which allows you to store your books, that’s JavaScript. The choice of the bookshelf’s dark hardwood that matches the wooden wall wainscoting, the oak leaf motif hand carved into the bookcase, and the square pattern of the wainscoting, that’s all CSS. The window which provides light with which to read your books… I think that’s JavaScript? But the colorful stained glass with which it was made, depicting some saint or flower loved by the homeowner, that’s CSS. The electric lighting in the room is JavaScript. The modern dimmer with which you can adjust the amount of light, that’s JavaScript as well. The warm yellow tone of the bulbs, chosen for it’s coziness, that’s CSS. The chair offers a place to sit white you read. JavaScript. The way that the chair was upholstered in a rich quilted brown leather is CSS. The lever and mechanism which allow the chair to recline and elevate the sitter’s feet is JavaScript. And so on and so on.
